Everything we've talked about is checkable. Here's how, in about two minutes. First, the API — and it's barely an API. It's a shelf of static files. No database, no logic, nothing that can behave differently depending on who's asking.
That's on purpose. A server that computes an answer can compute a different one for you. A server handing out files it wrote in advance has a much harder time.
You can fetch any of them right now. Here's the current signed head — root, entry count, signature.
And here's the same root on our website. Same sixty-four characters. Two different places.
But reading files only tells you what we claim. To check the claims, use the verifier. It's a small program you download — or build yourself, and if you're seriously auditing us, build it.
It re-hashes every entry, rebuilds the tree, checks every proof, and verifies the signature against a key compiled into it. Not fetched. Compiled in. One command.
Watch what comes back. Tree size, sixty. The root — the same one we just fetched. Then every artifact in the release, each with a tick. Those ticks aren't a status we wrote down: each one is an inclusion proof your machine just recomputed. And PASS means the whole tree replayed cleanly.
Speaking of which. Suppose we served you our own signing key, with a perfect fake log to match. The verifier compares it to the key built into it — and stops.
One last thing, and it's the most important use of this tool. Two people, different countries, different networks, same command. Same root. Same PASS.
If those ever differed — two valid signatures over two different trees — that's the finding that matters. It's also the only one you can't get alone. So run it. And compare with someone.